All right so we do a little cleaning up here.
Now it's time for us to get into action.
So let's go ahead and start writing Ph.D..
All right.
So I told you that we will need two arrays.
And the reason is because we need to hold some static information right here.
Tetes and then the values of.
And in this case it's going to be the counts.
All right.
We're going to be holding the counts as this one years user accounts.
We're going to be hold in common count puls counting all that.
All right.
That's what we're going to be holding in this column right here and that's why this one we are going
to be holding some static data.
So let's go ahead and create that array.
So he's going to say elemental one elements elements.
That's right.
And this one is just going to be an array actually is used.
Let's use a shorthand version of of making a race like this.
And let's just call this active polls because we're going to have different polls and I'll show you
later on how that works.
I suppose
we're going to have that draft posing after polls.
But right now he's going to do what we've got right now just to show you how this works.
Then we're going to be adding more things later.
All right.
And I think we got comments too.
So we got for this information we got for widgets on top post comments user in categories perfect are
we going to make one ray of that.
All right.
And then let's make another way.
And this is going to be in some other information.
This is going to be whole thing element count.
All right.
That's this dairy and this one is going to have we don't need this double quotation there or single
quotation post count.
Let's make sure that we have the dollar sign there first.
The other one is is a category count.
Who's going to make sure it is.
Yes it is category count and it's going to copy
category count.
This one is a user account
and this one is coming out of course.
All right we can make a mistake.
We make one mistake it won't work.
All right.
Just to let you know.
All right so we have the race here the next the next thing for us to do is create a for loop.
Remember what we're doing is we're creating a loop and we're going to be displaying each of these values
right here of whatever we got up here.
All right.
So we've got 10 polls we're going to be creating this column's dynamically.
That's what it looks for right so.
All right.
Let's go ahead and create a for loop and you're going to say it's going to be the initialises going
to be equal to zero.
We're going to start the loop was zero.
Then remember how you remember how we did it right.
And we are going to be looping one two three and four.
All right.
So four times.
Just a simple loop.
And we're going to be incrementing it so we can go to the next.
All right.
Next value over and over again right.
We're going to keep going up and up.
All right.
Until we reach for.
All right so then here we're going to be echoing this value.
So let's just say ekal and
this is this here we're going to be echoing this
right here this Saray First of all there's going to be right here.
But we need to enclose this in this right here.
All right.
And inside here we need a full quotation because this is a it's all going to be tets right.
So we have this quotation that we just put some brackets right here and acting that way is the right
way.
All right.
And we also need to create because this is an array array we need to look through it.
So we are going to be using this initialiser to go through each of this array right here.
So right now we get the array right here.
All right.
But we use in the lab the Initialize of the loop to go through each of these values right and then we're
going to be echoing each of these values in this column right here in this bracket you see there we're
basically what we do is replacing this right here right here.
This first part with this element tets array right here.
The first part and you see this quarter here this is the same chords right here.
All right.
Now this data is going to be dynamic of course.
Right.
So I think we're good here there's nothing else we need.
Now we need to jump into the next one so we're going to concatenate.
We going have put a coal mine here and this is this Colma right here that we're going to be putting.
All right.
Let me just bring this up a little bit.
I left this here so that where you can tell what I'm doing.
That's the only reason why I left the place there so we could concatenating right here and the Colma
because we need that Colmar right there to separate these values.
Now here we don't need any quotation because this is integers this is going to be counts.
All right this is going to be just numbers right.
But we still need to concatenate.
So we're just going to put double quotation and we're going to do the same thing we did here.
Right.
Right there.
And we don't see that because we have that back as a matter of fact this bracket right here needs to
go all the way down here.
All right now let's just paste this in there and let me just check this bracket out there.
We don't need a bracket there.
As a matter of fact that's the way it goes right there.
All right.
This bracket is the one that is going to go right here.
There we go.
I know it seems a little confusing right now and this Colma I use put it right here.
All right.
So I know it sounds a little confusing there but trust me he makes sense.
Now of course we're not going to have the same array again.
We're going to have this array right here element count.
I'm going to recap right now what we are doing.
Right.
So don't worry if you don't understand it let's just close with a semi-colon.
I'm going to come in that out right.
First let's see if it works refresh.
There we go.
Perfit right we got two posts six comments.
Well category's sits right here and users three and comments two.
All right.
So we should actually have few comments right here right.
And they use this here.
Switch it around a little bit.
But anyway let's go ahead and recap how this is working.
All right.
Perfect.
All right so what we did here is these data usually is static.
Right.
We would be using static and we would have many different columns like this like this if it was in because
we are using a loop.
We have users and this is just an example right.
Categories and comments.
If it wasn't because of the loop this information would you have to type it in statically like this.
Right.
I hope you get the idea and what I'm saying to you.
All right.
So instead of this instead of writing this like this statically.
We are using two arrays.
The first array element on the score tets is to print all these values in this column right here.
All right.
So we are printing all these static because right now we are using static tests right here.
So we're printing all these values every time the loop goes around.
So the loop goes around the first time the prince posts goes around the second time Prince a user in
this case is going to print category and then the next one is going to be print the users and so on
every time he goes around four times.
All right so he's going to do that for his first column he's going to print out all this tets every
time he goes around.
Then he also prints out when he goes around the value the count right of each of these values right
here.
So with the first print of post count and the post name so posts and post count that's the first time
around because we got the element on the score count right here that represents this Aure right here.
And we got the I from the loop remember this guy what he's doing is getting inside this array every
time he goes around.
So we can't use the eye for tour or race in the same place.
All right we can have many a race here and use this.
I too either way to go around each of these values for this race.
All right so this I always doing is getting inside these values here.
So he gets into the first in that and and check it out and say you know what.
Let's echo that.
So right now he's echoing two values every time he goes around he echoes the static name the tetes that
we got in the first array and they echoes the numbers that we got in disarray right here.
Right so every time he goes around and does it four times and that's why you see here four times.
All right.
So we still got a little bit to do.
We we still got to switch things around since we have let's see we have comments posts and comments
so we should do we should switch it around a little bit.
Right.
So we're going to say comments
and comments.
And then users and was a last one categories.
All right let's just fix that right now categories and come and count.
I'm just going to write it down.
Why not.
I feel lucky coming count and user count and the category count.
All right.
Not bad.
I just rolled twice.
Category count is a category or category.
Geez I forgot category.
There we go.
Let's see if it works.
Probably.
All right.
So I did make a mistake somewhere.
Active full post count coming count user account and category count.
All right let's check it out again.
I made a mistake made a little boo boo there.
Let's check it out let's see what we did wrong.
All right.
OK.
We have some extra.
You see this.
This static that I got right here in this plane.
So I did it right.
We got some static and just kind of deleting and then refresh.
Nothing static anymore.
All right.
So in the next video we're going to what we're going to do in the next lecture is we've got some pending
comments and we have some users that are subscribers that we want to display and we are still in draft
post that we want to display.
Right.
So that's what some extra information that we're going to be displayed on the next lecture.
Anyway thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next one.
Take care.